What do you want to do?
I'm in trouble because I can't be a woman.
I want to do something.
You're talking nonsense.
What can a woman do?
My friends are in love with the cafe.
They're in love with the cafe.
I can't do anything.
But you can't do that.
You have to have three men in one cafe to seduce a woman.
You're a man, but you're not a woman.
You have to be gay.
Gay?
I'm gay.
Really?
I'm sitting like this.
Everyone eats soba.
It's delicious.
Don't make fun of me.
You can be a woman.
I want to dance.
She Christian.
Don't dance.
You're not dancing.
I'm dancing with those three feet of yours.
I'll dance if I feel like 기 everything.
An old man is practicing flamenca.
How can you dance to flamenc?
First, you have to bring three yen.
Really? Just three yen?
So, go home.
What? Don't say that.
Go home with three yen.
Thank you. Bye.
The story of a man who is a little bit of a wimp.
There is a story about a man who lives in a flower shop.
The man is training a lot of students.
Who is this? Is it a bird?
Please wait.
You have to stand up.
That's right.
And then, you have to stand up.
Excuse me.
Stand up.
That's right.
You are so old.
You are getting better.
You are going to dance in your new clothes.
Stand up.
You have to keep your hands out.
Your hands are really bad.
What? Your hands are bad?
You have a cute face.
You have a bad hand.
If you look at me, you are a little bit of a wimp.
Please be quiet.
You are going to dance in a strange way.
People will say a lot of things.
Are you all right?
Wait.
Hey.
That's right.
Bend your back more.
Bend your back.
Wait a minute.
Who?
I broke my legs.
I will fix it.
I am a human.
What are you doing here?
I am sorry.
I came here to see you.